# CRUD

## In your own words, describe what each group of status code represents:

- 100’s = tell the client that the header part of the request has been received and the server will try to comply with a transmission demand of the client. Like using a different protocol or telling the client that its request will fail before they start sending the body.
- 200’s = These are the success codes. They tell the client that its request was accepted.
- 300’s = These are redirection codes. They tell the client that the resource they are requesting isn’t available at the expected location anymore
- 400’s = These are the client error codes. They are all about invalid requests a client sent to a server.
- 500’s = These are the server error codes. Often they indicate problems with overwhelmed servers or unreachable servers behind proxies, but sometimes they can be directly related to client requests that trigger error exceptions on the server

## What is a status code 202? 
this doesn’t mean the request was successfully processed only that it met all validation requirements at the time of sending.

## What is a status code 308?
This tells the client to use another URL to access the resource and not use the current URL anymore

## What code would you use if an update didn’t return data to a client?
204

## What code would you use if a resource used to exist but no longer does?
410 Gone

## What is the ‘Forbidden’ status code?
403 , The client has authorized or doesn’t need to authorize itself, but still has no permissions to access the resource



### for more info checkout this resource [Status Codes Based On REST Methods](https://www.moesif.com/blog/technical/api-design/Which-HTTP-Status-Code-To-Use-For-Every-CRUD-App/)



## Why do we need to pull our MongoDB database string out of our server and put it into our .env?
to be accessed in heroku (deployment)

## What is middleware?
software that provides common services and capabilities to applications outside of what’s offered by the operating system. Data management, application services, messaging, authentication, and API management are all commonly handled by middleware.

## What does app.use(express.json()) do?
recognize the incoming Request Object as a JSON Object.

## What does the /:id mean in a route?
It's mean a key for key-value pair of objects which shown in the database and declared by default.

## What is the difference between PUT and PATCH?
when you want to update a resource with PUT request, you have to send the full payload as the request.
PATCH , you only send the parameters which you want to update

## How do you make a default value in a schema?
Make mongoose string schema type default value as blank and make the field optional. 
```
testschema = mongoose Schema({ 
name:{ type:String, required:true, unique:true }, 
image:{ type:String, required:true }, 
category:{ type:String }, 
})
```

## What does a 500 error status code mean?
Internal Server Error

## What is the difference between a status 200 and a status 201?
Successful. The 200 status code is by far the most common returned. It means, simply, that the request was received and understood and is being processed. A 201 status code indicates that a request was successful and as a result, a resource has been created (for example a new page).


### for more info checkout this resource [Build A REST API With Node.js, Express, & MongoDB - Quick](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFbNIlppjAuEX4znoulh0Cw)



## Things I want to know more about
- Status codes
- MongoDB use
